Oss compliance updates (#11)
SAP/chef-ohai-plugins: README.md

> ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/STATUS-NOT%20CURRENTLY%20MAINTAINED-red.svg?longCache=true&style=flat)

Reviewer: You can remove this badge as you plan to maintain this repository again.

> ################################################################################

Reviewer: This section is now prominently displayed in caption style when somebody reads the README on GitHub. Better use a .reuse/dep5 file to annotate files like the README.

## License

Copyright 2016-2021 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company and chef-ohai-plugins contributors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

> Detailed information including third-party components and their licensing/copyright information is available [via the REUSE tool](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/SAP/chef-ohai-plugins-chef-cookbook).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed information including third-party components and their licensing/copyright information is available [via the REUSE tool](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/SAP/chef-ohai-plugins).
```

## License

Copyright 2016-2021 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company and chef-ohai-plugins contributors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

> Detailed information including third-party components and their licensing/copyright information is available [via the REUSE tool](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/SAP/hana-client-chef-cookbook).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed information including third-party components and their licensing/copyright information is available [via the REUSE tool](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/SAP/chef-ohai-plugins).
```
